g using the “in-person weight” selects the in-person sample,
not only face-to-face interviews. Sample and mode can be identified (variables
V240002a, V240002b and V240003), but within sample groups, the mode of
interview was not randomly assigned, so analysts should be cautious about
making mode comparisons or attributing diﬀerences among modes of interview to
the interview mode itself; apparent mode diﬀerences may also be due to selection
eﬀects.

Reporting weighted sample sizes

When reporting the sample size (n) for an analysis, the actual, unweighted sample
16                                                                        USER GUIDE


sizes should be reported, and analysts should take care not to confuse weighted
sample sizes with unweighted sample sizes. Some statistical software applications
make this distinction more readily than others. Generally, software designed for
design-consistent survey estimation will report actual sample sizes, but software
using non-survey procedures (such as frequency weights) will not. When
frequency weights are used, the weighted sample size usually does not reflect the
actual number of cases used in an analysis procedure (because weights vary,
most analyses will exclude one or more cases due to selection criteria, listwise
deletion or both, and the sums of subgroup weights are not constrained to sum to
the actual sample size). In this case, in addition to running a weighted analysis, it
is necessary to also run an unweighted analysis (taking care to select the same
cases) in order to obtain correct sample sizes.

Weighting methods

The weights were computed in multiple steps to account for sample design
features and to reduce various non-sampling error sources. The in-person and
web pre-election surveys used a similar approach, as follows. Design weights
were calculated to account for address sampling probabilities and the within-
household selection of a single eligible adult. An adjustment was also performed
to handle addresses whose eligibility was not able to be determined, redistributing
their design weights to the remaining addresses with a known eligibility from their
same corresponding stratum. To address both screening and main survey non-
response, a propensity stratification approach was used for each component. In
this approach, the probability of each eligible address to complete the survey was
estimated using a logistic regression model of survey response over a set of
covariates observed for both respondents and non-respondents. The eligible
addresses were then divided into deciles of their estimated response propensities
and the inverse of the average of these propensities for each decile was used as a
non-response adjustment factor. Finally, a calibration adjustment was applied to
ensure that the weighted sample distribution matched the population distribution
with respect to various characteristics.

Upon some modelling of 2024 turnout and vote choice using ANES data, the
following dimensions were ultimately selected to be used in the calibration:

       Race by sex;
       Marital status by sex;
       Educational attainment by age,
       Educational attainment by region;
       Income by race/ethnicity;
       Home tenure;
       Nation of birth;
       Population density;
       Education attainment by metropolitan status.

The following variables (and categories) were used for the calibration:
                                                                                   17



       Sex (male, female)
       Age (18-29, 30-44, 45-59, 60 years or older)
       Educational attainment (less than high school graduate, high school
       graduate, some college, college degree, graduate degree)
       Race/ethnicity (non-Hispanic White, non-Hispanic Black, Hispanic, non-
       Hispanic other)
       Home tenure (home owner, other)
       Nation of birth (U.S. born, foreign born)
       Marital status (married, widowed, divorced or separated, never married)
       Household income (less than $40,000, $40,000-$74,999, $75,000-
       $124,999, $125,000 or more)
       Population density (less than 471 people/square mile, 471-2,377
       people/square mile, 2,377-5,505 people/square mile, more than 5,505
       people/square mile)
       Metropolitan status (non-metropolitan, metropolitan)

Missing values in calibration variables were imputed for the purposes of weighting.
Population benchmarks (control totals) were based on the 2023 American
Community Survey 1-year estimates, except for population density, which was
from the 2020 census, and metropolitan status, which was from the March
supplement of the 2024 Current Population Survey.

To reduce weighting variability, the final weights were bounded at 5 times the
average of their corresponding unbounded calibrated weights.

The panel survey used a similar approach, except that it started with the 2020
ANES final weights as an input weighting variable and only the main survey non-
response adjustment and calibration procedure were applied, as the other
adjustments were already embedded in the input weight.

Weights for various combinations of the samples (such as weights for the entire
sample, or for the in-person and web combined) received two additional
adjustments. First, the samples were integrated using a Hartley estimator
composite factor. In this process, each sample received a composite factor θ (with
0 < θ < 1) proportional to the mean square error of their corresponding estimate for
the proportion of Trump voters in the 2024 election. The mean square error was
estimated using an estimate of bias and sampling variance. The bias was
estimated as the diﬀerence between the sample estimate of Trump voter
proportions and the true value according to the election results. The sampling
variance estimate used respondent data accounting for all the design features,
including weights, stratification, and clustering. Second, an additional calibration
adjustment, following the same specifications as the initial calibration, was applied
over the combined sample.
18                                                                       USER GUIDE




Orientation to the Data and Documentation

Dataset

The ANES 2024 Time Series Study Full Release is available in multiple file formats:
SPSS (.sav), Stata (.dta), Comma Separated Values (.csv), and a fixed-width raw
data file that can be read into SAS, SPSS, and Stata using syntax statements that
have been provided.

Variables are stored using formats optimized for their data type. Missing data are
coded as negative numbers, for instance, “-8. Don’t know”.

Along with the dataset, users should also download and make use of the two
following pieces of documentation:

Questionnaire

The first piece of documentation is the Questionnaire, a document that provides
information about each of the questions that were asked in the main survey. The
questions in the Questionnaire are presented in the order they were asked. The
Questionnaire includes the following information, where applicable, for each
question: the section in which the question appears, question name, question
wording, universe (where only a subset of respondents was to receive the
question, which respondents those should be), and response options.

In addition to the Questionnaire, ANES separately provides the PAPI (paper-and-
pencil) and SPS (Spouse and Partner Survey) survey questionnaires in PDF format.
Both documents are available for download from the 2024 Time Series study page
of the ANES website.

User Guide and Codebook

The second piece of documentation is the User Guide and Codebook. You are
currently reading the User Guide, which provides a brief overview of the study and
how to use its data and documentation.

The remainder of this file, after the User Guide, consists of the Codebook.
Whereas the Questionnaire provides information about the questions asked in the
survey, the Codebook provides information about the variables that appear in the
dataset.

Questions and variables do not always have a one-to-one relationship. For
instance, multiple questions may be combined into a single summary variable. Or
various variables may be derived from a single question. Furthermore, not all
                                                                                      19


variables have associated questions — for example, administrative variables.

The Codebook includes the following information, where applicable, for each
variable: the variable name (all variable names start with a “V”, and summary
variables end with the suﬃx “x”), variable label (with “PRE:” indicating that it is
from the pre-election study), simplified question wording, response/code values
and meanings, associated survey question(s), universe (where only a subset of
respondents appear in a variable, which respondents those should be; note that
universes are not included for most summary variables), information about
whether randomization was used, and interviewer instructions.
CODEBOOK: VARIABLES
GENERAL NON‐SURVEY VARIABLES

version        VERSION OF ANES 2024 TIME SERIES RELEASE
Value Labels   ANES2024TimeSeries_20260519




